changes for 0.2.1 release (#684)
tidymodels/parsnip: NEWS.md

# parsnip 0.2.1

> * Fixed a major bu gin spark models induced in the previous version (#671).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a major bug in spark models induced in the previous version (#671).
```

* Updated the parsnip add-in with new models and engines. 

* Updated parameter ranges for some `tunable()` methods and added a missing engine argument for brulee models. 

> * Added information about how to install the miximix package for PLS models (#680)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added information about how to install the mixOmics package for PLS models (#680)
```
